W-14999448-dw26-formats-duke (#305)
mulesoft/docs-dataweave: modules/ROOT/pages/dataweave-formats-excel.adoc

|`ignoreEmptyLine`  |`Boolean`|`true`|Ignores an empty line by default.

Valid values are `true` or `false`.
|`maxEntrySize`  |`Number`|`null`|Sets the maximum amount of bytes a single entry in a zip-file should become.

> |`minInflateRatio`  |`Number`|`null`|Sets the ratio between de- and inflated bytes to detect zipbomb. e.g. setting the value to 1% (= 0.01d) when the compression is better than 1% for any given read package part, the parsing will fail indicating a Zip-Bomb.

Author: both need copyedited here and in the source

> |`maxEntrySize`  |`Number`|`null`|Sets the maximum amount of bytes a single entry in a zip-file should become.
> |`minInflateRatio`  |`Number`|`null`|Sets the ratio between de- and inflated bytes to detect zipbomb. e.g. setting the value to 1% (= 0.01d) when the compression is better than 1% for any given read package part, the parsing will fail indicating a Zip-Bomb.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`maxEntrySize`  |`Number`|`null`|Sets the maximum number of bytes a single entry in a ZIP file can have.
|`minInflateRatio`  |`Number`|`null`|Sets the ratio between de- and inflated bytes to detect zip bomb. For example, if you set the value to 1 percent (= 0.01d) when the compression is better than 1 percent for any given read package part, the parsing fails to indicate a zip bomb.
```

|`ignoreEmptyLine`  |`Boolean`|`true`|Ignores an empty line by default.

Valid values are `true` or `false`.

> |`maxEntrySize`  |`Number`|`null`|Sets the maximum amount of bytes a single entry in a zip-file should become.

Author: suggesting "Sets the maximum number of bytes a single entry in a ZIP file can have." or something like that in the source

> |`minInflateRatio`  |`Number`|`null`|Sets the ratio between de- and inflated bytes to detect zipbomb. e.g. setting the value to 1% (= 0.01d) when the compression is better than 1% for any given read package part, the parsing will fail indicating a Zip-Bomb.

Author: needs copyedit in source

> |`maxEntrySize`  |`Number`|`null`|Sets the maximum amount of bytes a single entry in a zip-file should become.
> |`minInflateRatio`  |`Number`|`null`|Sets the ratio between de- and inflated bytes to detect zipbomb. e.g. setting the value to 1% (= 0.01d) when the compression is better than 1% for any given read package part, the parsing will fail indicating a Zip-Bomb.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`maxEntrySize`  |`Number`|`null`|Sets the maximum number of bytes a single entry in a ZIP file can have.
|`minInflateRatio`  |`Number`|`null`|Sets the ratio between de- and inflated bytes to detect zip bomb. For example, if you set the value to 1 percent (= 0.01d) when the compression is better than 1 percent for any given read package part, the parsing fails to indicate a zip bomb.
```
